src/slides.md, before:

# 🐝🐝 JAMstack 🐝 🐝

An introduction to the future

---

> <span style="font-size:larger; color:purple;">J</span>avascript is used client-side to handle dynamic changes

> <span style="font-size:larger; color:purple;">A</span>PIs are used to pull information and services from third-parties

> <span style="font-size:larger; color:purple;">M</span>arkup is built during deployment, allowing files to be served for cheap over CDNs

> <cite>Don Norman</cite>

---

# 🤫

---

## Why isn't Amazon JAMazon?

![Snow](//media.tenor.com/images/51f5c305dc23a592a7bca97ad1d67011/tenor.gif)

---

# What sites JAMs?

🛒 [Flamingo](//www.shopflamingo.com/products/shave-kit/) - A small business ecommerce site

📒 [SmashingMagazine](//www.smashingmagazine.com/) - A publishcation sites with new articles everyday

📈 [PSDWizard](//psdwizard.com/) - Web Development Agencies ;) ;)

---

![Monkey](//i.imgur.com/PnbINJ6.gif)

🌟 Star it on [GitHub](//github.com/fabe/gatsby-deck),  
or create your own with:

    gatsby new my-slides https://github.com/fabe/gatsby-starter-deck

---

## The possibilities are endless

![Person](//i.imgur.com/p4rpmll.gif)

Commit message:

Upgrade the presentation with a couple more slides

src/slides.md, after:

# 🐝🐝 JAMstack 🐝 🐝

An introduction to the future

---

> <span style="font-size:larger; color:purple;">J</span>avascript is used client-side to handle dynamic changes

> <span style="font-size:larger; color:purple;">A</span>PIs are used to pull information and services from third-parties

> <span style="font-size:larger; color:purple;">M</span>arkup is built during deployment, allowing files to be served for cheap over CDNs

> <cite>Don Norman</cite>

---

# 🤫

---

## Why isn't Amazon JAMazon?

![Snow](//media.tenor.com/images/51f5c305dc23a592a7bca97ad1d67011/tenor.gif)

---

# Sites that JAM

![Person](//media.giphy.com/media/rdXF0gnAyUAfK/giphy.gif)

🛒 [Flamingo](//www.shopflamingo.com/products/shave-kit/) - A small business ecommerce site

📒 [SmashingMagazine](//www.smashingmagazine.com/) - A publishcation sites with new articles everyday

📈 [PSDWizard](//psdwizard.com/) - Web Development Agencies ;) ;)

---

👯 Clone it on [GitHub](//github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby),  
or create your own with Gatsby's CLI:

![Monkey](//www.simpleimageresizer.com/_uploads/photos/04b9dd0e/9722ad9e7618b4768927c8ec6d882dd6_50.png)

<span style="font-size:small;">( gatsby new my-blazing-fast-site https://github.com/GatsbyCentral/gatsby-starter-wordpress )</span>

---

...or just press the button

![Smash](//media.giphy.com/media/3og0IAQG2BtR13joe4/giphy.gif)

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/matthewhoth/Presentation)

---

## The possibilities are endless

![Person](//media.giphy.com/media/rdXF0gnAyUAfK/giphy.gif)
